Contribution to tutorial and docs (#304)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/usage/nf_core_tutorial.md

This service is free to use.
To set it up, visit [https://hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com) and link your personal GitHub repository.

To set up an automated docker container build for the master and the dev branches, as well as for all releases, go to the builds tab of your docker hub repository. There, select build configurations. The source repository should be set to your GitHub repository. Three build rules should be set:

* Master branch build rule (comes by default). Set the "Source Type" to "branch", "Source" to "master" and "Docker tag" to "latest".

> * dev branch build rule. Set the "Source Type" to "branch", "Source" to "dev" and "Docker tag" to "dev".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* dev branch build rule. Set _Source Type_ to `branch`, _Source_ to `dev` and _Docker tag_ to `dev`.
```

> * Tag build rule: this will build a container for your pipeline releases, and should follow the scenario "Match versions". Set the "Source Type" to "Tag", "Source" to "/^[0-9.]+$/" and "Docker Tag" to "release-{sourceref}".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tag build rule: this will build a container for your pipeline releases, and is similar to the scenario _"Match versions"_. Set the _Source Type_ to `Tag`, _Source_ to `/^[0-9.]+$/` and _Docker Tag_ to `{sourceref}`.
```

NB: I think it's just `{sourceref}`, not `release-{sourceref}` that we want..

Author: ok, sorry I thought it was the other one. Thanks for the suggestion!

Reviewer: No worries! I think the `release-` is just a static string, so then the dockhub tags become eg. `nfcore/bcellmagic:release-1.1` instead of just `:1.1`

> * For all build rules, the Dockerfile location should be set to "Dockerfile" and the Build context to "/". Autobuild and Build Caching should be on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For all build rules, the _Dockerfile location_ should be set to `Dockerfile` and the _Build context_ set to `/`. _Autobuild_ and _Build Caching_ should be on.
```

This is already set up and does not need to be edited.
It will check that pull-requests going to the nf-core repo `master` branch only come from the `dev` or `patch` branches (for releases).

> In case you want to add branch protection for a repository out of _nf-core_, you can add an extra step to the workflow with that repository name. Do keep the _nf-core_ branch protection, though, so that the `nf-core lint` command does not throw an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to add branch protection for a repository out of _nf-core_, you can add an extra step to the workflow with that repository name.
You can leave the _nf-core_ branch protection in place so that the `nf-core lint` command does not throw an error - it only runs on nf-core repositories so it should be ignored.
```
